There are some footprints coming from the North.
There is a sort of corridor between the walls in front of you.
Some part of the walls are covered with slots.
They looks like some holes.
The slots are dart emitters: you can't pass without be hurted.
The walls begin to blow arrows that pierce you [run and jump]!.
The cave is enormous and it seems infinite.
There is a path to the right.
The footprints are visible again [dots] they are coming down from the left.
There's nothing interesting here.
You are into the cave ahead.
In the left corner there is a sloped block.
[thinking] I could jump up and grab the ledge to climb into the niche.
You are on the block.
You are into the niche.
It seems like a secret room.
There is something on the floor.
It's a small medipack.
There's nothing interesting here.
[thinking] I could leave the chamber and follow the wolf tracks.
You are on some rocks.
There are some noises.
Three bats are attacking you!.
Bats are death.
The left part of the cave is unexplored yet.
In the right corner there is a snow-covered part of the wall.
There is a bat!.
The bat is attacking you!.
Bat is death.
There is a small medipack on the floor.
There is nothing more here.
Run into the back of the cave.
There is a path leading out and down to the left.
[thinking] I could follow the path and climb down the hill.
There are some stairs [run down the stairs].
A door with a lever on the right is in front of you [use the lever to open the door].
You are now in a new chamber.
There is a bat!.
The bat is attacking you!.
There is another path.
You are in a part of the cave with two bridges.
There are two wolves running around but can't attack you.
Now run along to the right.
There is a bridge: you can cross it.
There is a pillar.
There is a second bridge.
There is another room on the left.
There is a gap on the right: in the chamber underneath a bear is hiding.
There is a save crystal on the opposite side.
Kill the bear in the pit underneath.
Kill the bear from above.
It tries to hide.
Then drop down.
Enter the next room and shoot two bats.
Run towards the strange looking platform on the floor.
This is a trigger for the door.
Pick up the small medipack.
Then step onto the marked platform to open the door.
It's a timed door so you have to be quick.
Run through.
You'll end up in the cave with the bridges again.
Turn right and run into the open.
Run towards the skeleton statue on the right.
There you can climb up.
You can also pull yourself up onto the second bridge.
Run over the bridge again and jump over the pit where the bear was.
There is a save crystal on the opposite side.
Before you run down the stairs run behind the pillars on the left and collect a small medipack.
Then run down the stairs.
Draw weapons and shoot the two wolves coming up the stairs.
Run down and collect the small medipack lying underneath the stairs.
Climb onto the platform in front of the closed gate.
Go towards the left end.
Make a running jump towards the green platform.
Enter the chamber.
Pick up the large medipack.
Climb out again.
Climb up onto the platform with the lever.
Use it.
It will open the big gate on the other platform.
This gate is timed, so hurry.
Turn to the left and standing jump onto the block between this platform and the one with the gate.
Continue to the gate platform.
Quickly run through the open gate [if you fail, repeat this action].
Run up the stairs.
Follow them to the right.
Beware of the dart-emitters.
Shoot the wolf in the chamber at the top, on the left.
Step onto the broken platform and drop through the Collapsible Floor.
Turn right and run through the doorway.
At the end, turn left and make a running jump over the gap.
Turn left again.
Run towards the medipack.
Draw weapons and shoot the wolf.
Collect the large medipack.
Use the lever in the chamber the wolf came out of.
Return outside and go towards the first window on the right.
Slide down the hill and run through the open gate.
You're done!